In the United States, it was evening. In the White House office, President Joe Biden nervously dialed NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg for the seventh time. He answered almost immediately: - No, Joe, they did not attack. No tanks, missiles, landings in the rear. - Did you call Russian Army Minister Shoigu? - Yes, all the time. The last time he said something about the collar and turned off the phone. - He was buttoning up his overcoat! They're getting ready to perform! - No, Joe, I don't think so. We've heard this Russian slang before when we proposed limiting the development of hypersonic weapons. CNN employees froze on the roofs of Kiev, diligently peering into the darkness of the night. But there was neither the roar of tank engines, nor the noise of helicopters. Matthew Chance was very jealous of the Reuters journalists who simply set up an online camera in front of the Maidan and now peacefully snored at home. Matthew shivered shiveringly and went to the edge of the roof: - Russians-ee-ee, - Chance shouted sharply. In the house opposite, the windows were hurriedly slammed into which Russian flags protruded. - X*y, x*y, x*y, - the echo answered. The flags retracted. Tension in the Lvov office of CNN was building. Ordinary employees tried to sneak past the angry bosses unnoticed. Some titushki again scrawled a word in the language of the aggressor right on the front door, but no one paid any attention. It became obvious that coffee grounds, as a tool for geopolitical forecasts on the topic of Russian aggression, did not justify itself. As previously happened with the fortune-telling ball and Tarot cards. So, Russia again did not attack. British Foreign Minister Liz Truss, climbing into a chair with her feet, looked angrily at a cell phone and a geography textbook for grade 7 - Maria Zakharova will soon wake up in Russia and start talking nasty things again. Painfully I wanted to get drunk and fall asleep. It was getting light in Moscow. The insidious aggressors, sleepily stretching, splashed merrily in the bathrooms, made noise with coffee machines, browsed social media feeds.